It's still going up.
This comes in
Ah this sword
This sword shocked the world
sobbing ghosts
Chiba Excalibur
Can't stop
This child is amazing
As a new generation leader for me
Luocheng Hanyang
I have seen Sanmen Chang Wang
I declare that the celestial body assessment is officially over
Those who have crossed the 20th step can be my original outer court disciple
Those who have passed the 50th step can become inner disciples
The first ranking of the martial arts election
Dare to do it again
That sword was cut by you just now
Exactly. You're great
Would you like to worship me as your teacher?
Dare to ask the girl
Listen up, my name is Li Xuanyu
The original sect master is your future master
The original sect master turned out to be a little girl